convert tabs to spaces (#1)
cricketlova/crisis-api: README.md

# EcoMediations API

An impractical API for the current Anthropocene.

## Introduction

Most API integrations help developers and designers build applications. Few approaches to APIs have investigated the potentials for incorporating and aggregating environmental crisis as a resource for programmatic incorporation into our digital and virtual experiences. The commoditization of programs, software, computing provide a new potential for delivering instantaneous climate feedback to the consumer, if we so choose to.

We at the Virtually Real Consortium (www.virtuallyrealconsortium.org) propose that developers, makers, and more should begin moving towards an ecological hybridity of our degrading environment to our lived, digital, and virtual realities. There is no promise of a better environment tomorrow, but we can at least do our part in raising a new relationship and awareness with it.

> The EcoMediations API is speculated around REST protocols. This API is for use in our crisis driven future and can be built around resource-oriented URLs, JSON-responses, HTTP response codes, etc... (or something else entirely).

Author: ```suggestion
This API is for use in our crisis driven future and follows RESTful standards and uses JSON.
```

#### Crisis Event Object

##### Attributes:

- <b>Type</b> - Type of crisis event for the object.

> - <b>id</b> - Unique identifier for the event.

Author: You're always gonna have `type`, `id`, `attributes` so you can omit this here. You might want a high-level section describing the format of your API. Meaning each resource will follow this  JSON structure.

- <b>name</b> - Specific name of the crisis event for the object.

> - <b>start_at</b> - The beginning in which the crisis started based on the beginning of time.

Author: ```suggestion
- <b>start_at</b> - The beginning in which the crisis started based on time.
```

- <b>end_at</b> - The end in which the crisis has ended. Potentially `null` if it is ongoing.

Example Code:

```JSON
{
  "data": [
    {
      "type": "crisis-event",
      "id": "1",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Global Brush Fire",
        "start_at": "2020-03-01 00:00:00 -007",
        "end_at": "2020-03-01 00:00:00 -007",
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Crisis Scenario

Scenarios holds two types of records that can be retrieved from any crisis event, population (e.g. biodiversity, species identification, etc...) and/or environmental (seismologic data, atmospheric data, etc...).

> ```Javascript

Author: The line below (**ON LINE 67**): 
```
GET /v1/crisis-event/1/scenarios
```

#### Crisis Scenario Object

##### Attributes:

- <b>id</b> - Unique identifier for the scenario.

> - <b>name</b> - Specific name of the crisis event for the object.

Author: ```suggestion
- <b>name</b> - Specific name of the crisis scenario for the object.
```

- <b>start_at</b> - The beginning in which the crisis started based on the beginning of time.
- <b>end_at</b> - The end in which the crisis has ended. Potentially `null` if it is ongoing.

Example Code:

```JSON
{
  "data": [
    {

>       "type": "scenario",

Author: If you're going to call it `Crisis Scenario`, shoot for consistency in the `type` attributes and the `URLs`
```suggestion
      "type": "crisis-scenario",
```

> ```

Author: Assuming that this is still valid: a crisis-event has many scenarios and a scenario has many records. You would need to tie back the record to the scenario in the URL

```
suggestion
GET /v1/scenarios/:scenario_id/records // this would list all the records that you have for the scenario.
```

```
GET /v1/scenarios/:scenario_id/records?record_type=atmosphere // this could potentially filter for only atmosphere scenarios.
```

If you need to filter all scenarios per type. Let's say, you want all environmental scenarios, I believe this would be at a higher level
```
GET /v1/crisis-event/1/scenarios?scenario_type=environmental 
```

PS: `:scenario_id` refers to a variable and in a real request it would be the `id` of a scenario:  `1`, `2`, etc..

##### Attributes:

> - <b>id</b> - Unique identifier for the scenario.

Author: Apply the same everywhere else below:
```suggestion
- <b>id</b> - Unique identifier for the record.
```

If you need or want to mention a relationship to the scenario, simply add `scenario_id` as an attribute.

<br>
<br>

Example Code:

```JSON
{
  "data": [
    {
      "type": "scenario",
      "id": "1",
      "attributes": {
        "scenario_type": "Environmental"
        [
          {
            "id": "SeismologicRecord",
            "scenario_id": "1",
            "report_id": "1",
            "report_type": "SeismologicRecord",
          }
        ]
      }
    }

>   ]

Author: ```suggestion
{
  "data": [
    {
      "type": "scenario",
      "id": "1",
      "attributes": {
        "scenario_type": "Environmental",
        "records": [
          {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "seismologic-record",
            "attributes": {
              "scenario_id": "1",
              "report_type": "SeismologicRecord",
              // ... othjer SeismologicRecord attributes
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```
